Fix VAA fields for payload 3 types (#170)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: learn/infrastructure/vaas.md

!!! note
    This VAA type is also referred to as a payload3 message or a Contract Controlled Transfer.

> The Token Transfer with Message data structure is identical to the token-only data structure, with the exception of the `fee` field which is replaced with the `from_address` field, and the addition of a `payload` field containing arbitrary bytes. In this arbitrary byte field, an app may include additional data in the transfer to inform some application-specific behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Token Transfer with Message data structure is identical to the token-only data structure, except for the `fee` field, which is replaced with the `from_address` field, and the addition of a `payload` field containing arbitrary bytes. In this arbitrary byte field, an app may include additional data in the transfer to inform some application-specific behavior.
```

- `payload_id` ++"u8"++ -  the ID of the payload. This should be set to `3` for a token transfer with message 
- `amount` ++"u256"++ - amount of tokens being transferred
- `token_address` ++"u8[32]"++ - address on the source chain
- `token_chain` ++"u16"++ - numeric ID for the source chain
- `to` ++"u8[32]"++ - address on the destination chain
- `to_chain` ++"u16"++ - numeric ID for the destination chain

> - `from_address` ++"u8[32]"++ - address that called the token bridge on the source chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `from_address` ++"u8[32]"++ - address that called the Token Bridge on the source chain
```
